Andrea will start by introducing us and the example for the presentation. She will give a short summary of what we’ve covered in the previous presentations, and explain how what we show today builds on our prior learnings. We will also highlight the practicality of linear regression as a modeling method, which is the goal of our presentation as a whole. Since the prediction and inference part of linear regression is what makes it cool and interesting to us, she will convey the foundations of that sentiment. We aim to highlight these thoughts, in addition to explaining the output in more detail via an interactive example.
Tyler will then talk about the advantages of linear regression, and what makes regression uniquely interesting as a way of modeling data. He will spend some time briefly discussing the motivation behind this particular example, but will primarily focus on explaining why the results are interesting. In particular, he will highlight why the ability to make inferences is cool, especially when compared with many of the popular machine learning models. Linear regression’s explainability is a key feature which many other models lack. Finally, he will touch on how the simplicity of linear regression is what makes linear regression interesting to us, and why we find it to be such a useful tool.
Felix will explain the model being used in more detail. Since we are focused on accuracy and the practical uses of the model, he will explain what R-squared is and how it is used to evaluate our model. We also want to highlight the ability to identify statistically significant predictors, and how we can interpret our model to explain our predictions in more detail. He will also touch on some of the drawbacks of linear regression, and how we can alleviate those problems to improve model performance.
Finally, Solomon will wrap up the presentation with an interactive example of linear regression. He will ask for some audience members to give us their shoe size, and will try to predict their height using the model. He will explain how to interpret the model’s prediction output (such as the difference between the actual prediction and the prediction interval). The goal of this section is to make the audience appreciate linear regression in action, and see its prediction capabilities working despite the simplicity of the model. 

